---
toc: true
layout: post
comments: true
description: 5.3 Notes
categories: [markdown]
title: 5.3 Notes
---


- Age group on facebook is about 23% 25-34 and 20% 13-17 are 3.9%, 45-54 are 18% 65+ is 11.2% 

- tik tok: 10-19: 25% 30-39: 21.7% 

- Poeple prefer female voices because they tend to articulate vowel sounds clearly and makes it easier to understand. I don't see it as harmful if people can understand speech better and the people voicing can get paid for it

- Google. The information they have on there is extremely vast and it has the potential to reach a lot of credible sources and media for what you're looking for. Not only that, information can conflict with others and even be misinformation you could think of as true


# Computers are racist 

- I see that the owner sees it as intentional given his visible frustrations with the computer. I don't think that it was intentional due to technology not being able to pick up everything perfectly, especially those in the dark since it's harder to see. I do see this as harmful and needing to be corrected because this could pe present in a lot of technology today and a lot of people using it, so if black people see that the face recognition isn't tracking them, they might assume that the technology is doing it on purpose. 

- Wikipedia has a lot of crowdsourcing, which leads to innaccuracies, but is quickly adjusted from the self policing community 

- Crypto currency and associated block chain. All exchanges of money are validated at least 3-times by independent miners. If there is a flaw in the independent calculations the process is checked and performed again. 

- COVID data, it is easy to recognize areas that are contributing and not contributing. This data has impacted all our lives and decision we make on attending public events, flying on planes, or wearing masks. The community of data and analysts will spawn many new ways of thinking about data that impacts lives.

- One API I used was the marvel API for last trimester's project, it contaide lots of links to superheroes and superhero comics. 

- I discovered that github has a big community that multiple people can follow on, and acts like a media for sharing code related matters